then the men of ephraim gathered
together crossed over towards a fan and
said to jeffer why did you cross over to
fight against the people of ammon and
did not call us to go with you we will
burn your house down on you with fire
and Jeff said to them my people and I
were in a great struggle with the people
of Ammon and when I called you you did
not deliver me out of their hands so
when I saw that you would not deliver me
I took my life in my hands and crossed
over against the people of Ammon and the
Lord delivered them into my hand why
then have you come up to me this day to
fight against me Oh Jeff the gathered
together all the men of Gilead and
fought against Ephraim and the men of
Gilead defeated he for him because they
said you gileadites are fugitives of
ephraim among the ephraim i'ts and among
the Manassas the gileadite
seized the Fords of the Jordan before
the Ephraim i'ts arrived and when any
ephraim it--who escaped said let me
cross over the men of Gilead would say
to him are you and ephraim I'd if he
said no then they would say to him then
say Shibboleth
and he would say sibilant for he could
not pronounce it right then they would
take him and kill him at the Falls of
the Jordan there fell at that time
42,000 Ephraim i'ts and jephthah judged
Israel six years then Jephthah the
gileadite died and it was buried in
among the cities of Gilead after him
herbs an of Bethlehem judged Israel he
had 30 sons and he gave away 30
daughters in marriage and brought in 30
daughters from elsewhere for his sons he
judged Israel 7 years then if zan died
and was buried at Bethlehem after him
Elam the Zebulon aiight judged Israel he
judged Israel 10 years and Elon the
Zebulon I died and was buried at a
jeweler in the country of Zebulun after
him abdun the son of Hilla the peer of
the night judged Israel
he had 40 sons and 30 grandsons who rode
on 70 young donkeys he judged Israel
eight years then abdun the son of Hillel
appeareth a night died and was buried in
pyrethrin in the land of 'iframe in the
mountains of the Amalekites
[Music]
you